hello everybody and I've just recently
decided that from here on in I'm going
to switch my gear to my magic finding
year before I kill any mob that has a
higher chance of dropping yellows so
when doing this I said to myself I am
NOT going to click one item at a time
and do it slow and die in the process I
wanted a fast way to do it and there is
no set swapping in this game yet which I
hope they add but here's a way that you
can do it as long as you have a program
or a newer mouse that comes with a
program like set point or something but
i'm going to show you guys how to do it
with set point so you go to your macro
manager and you make a new macro i just
left it called new macro you record your
mouse have that check to have multiple
keystroke checked and have a start and
stop button checked you just start
recording and right click about 8 to 10
times you hit alt f1 which is the
default and that'll stop the recording
and you save your macro like i said name
it whatever you want i left my name new
macro then you go to the thing on the
left side that says buttons and then I
picked button number 4 which is my back
left button on the side of my mouth
that's where you pick what button you
want to make the macro then you at the
top you bring the drop down to macro you
select the name of the macro let's
select a macro mines new macro you
repeat options needs to be set to WoW
pressed and then you hit apply and then
then when you get into the game which I
will switch to then when you get back
into the game all you have to do is just
hold down that button and do a swift
drag now line all your stuff in a row
like this see how I have the one slot
stuff in a row line that up in a row so
you can just do a drag over it and just
hit everything in a straight line as
long as you do that and you just it
there's a chance that this can mess up
it isn't perfect but practice with it
you can do it slower than this faster
than this it takes a while for it to
like slump put something in and out so
it's hard to mess it up like that but
hopefully this will help you guys out
and thanks for watching this I hope this
helps you guys get a lot of gear because
I know it can be rough to farm in diablo
3 so thanks for watching guys and sub if
you liked it i will see you next time